README.md, before:


# C# Pong Game

A simple Pong game implemented in C# using Windows Forms. This project demonstrates the basics of game development with Windows Forms Apps, including paddle and ball movement, collision detection, and scoring.

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Game Controls](#game-controls)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Features

- Two-player "Tong" game with a left player and a right player (CPU-controlled or manual play).
- Score tracking for both players.
- Pause and restart functionality.
- Simple collision detection for the ball and paddles.
- A basic end-game screen displaying the winner.
- Restart feature.

## Getting Started

To run this Pong game on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. Clone my repository to your computer.

2. Open the solution in Visual Studio.

3. Build the solution to compile the game.

4. Run the game by clicking the "Start" button in Visual Studio.

5. Use the game controls to play the Pong game (see next section for controls).

## Game Controls

- **Left Player (Manual Play)**
  - Move Up: Press the `Z` key.
  - Move Down: Press the `S` key.

- **Right Player (Manual Play)**
  - Move Up: Press the `Up Arrow` key.
  - Move Down: Press the `Down Arrow` key.

- **Toggle Auto Play**
  - Press the `M` key to toggle auto play for the right player (CPU-controlled).

- **Pause/Resume**
  - Press the `Space` bar to pause or resume the game.

## Screenshots

Insert screenshots of your game here to showcase its appearance and gameplay.

## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome! If you have any ideas for improvements, bug fixes, or new features, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project has been created by Tony De Donato, french student at Aix ynov campus, 2nd year of a bachelor's degree.

Commit message:

difficulty improvment, tring to add option panel

README.md, after:


# C# Pong Game

A simple Pong game implemented in C# using Windows Forms. This project demonstrates the basics of game development with Windows Forms Apps, including paddle and ball movement, collision detection, and scoring.

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Game Controls](#game-controls)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Contributing / improvments](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Features

- Two-player "Tong" game with a left player and a right player (CPU-controlled or manual play).
- Score tracking for both players.
- Pause and restart functionality.
- Simple collision detection for the ball and paddles.
- A basic end-game screen displaying the winner.
- Leave fonctionality.
- Difficulty improving during the game.

## Getting Started

To run this Pong game on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. Clone my repository to your computer.

2. Open the solution in Visual Studio.

3. Build the solution to compile the game.

4. Run the game by clicking the "Start" button in Visual Studio.

5. Use the game controls to play the Pong game (see next section for controls).

## Game Controls

- **Left Player (Manual Play)**
  - Move Up: Press the `Z` key.
  - Move Down: Press the `S` key.

- **Right Player (Manual Play)**
  - Move Up: Press the `Up Arrow` key.
  - Move Down: Press the `Down Arrow` key.

- **Toggle Auto Play**
  - Press the `M` key to toggle auto play for the right player (CPU-controlled).

- **Pause/Resume**
  - Press the `Space` bar to pause or resume the game.

## Screenshots

![Screenshot 1](wfa_pong/assets/Capture.PNG)

## Contributing / improvements

I may continue to improve this game in the future. Adding the option menu, a better AI, a better design, a better gameplay, etc...
Contributions to this project are welcome! If you have any ideas for improvements, bug fixes, or new features, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project has been created by Tony De Donato, french student at Aix ynov campus, 2nd year of a bachelor's degree.
